okay
this is such a spooky experience it
almost totally forget your disease but
this crazy God meant crikey
she thought my finger was something
edible for a second there when it comes
down to it they are pretty fierce
the first zoologists that but it's
covered the III really didn't know what
to do with it it's such a mishmash of
animal parts it's got a great big long
bushy tails and we thought it might be a
squirrel also has long incisor teeth the
rodent that never stopped growing so
they kind of thought it was like a very
peculiar squirrel but it's not at all it
is a lemur
it is a primate but the strangest one
I've ever seen perhaps that's the
weirdest thing of all as a primate
she's distantly related to you and me
the aye-aye is a very specialized feeder
you look at that front foot you'll
notice that the middle finger is kind of
all weird-looking it has no flesh no
muscle it's just one long jointed pencil
might digit he's doing right now look at
that
just using that finger to dig out little
grubs that beneath the bark that's crazy